Update bind-mounts.md (#14355)
docker/docker.github.io: storage/bind-mounts.md

consider that `/tmp/a` is also mounted as `/foo`. The propagation settings
control whether `/mnt/a` and/or `/tmp/a` would exist.

> **Warning:** 
> 

> > Mount propagation doesn't work with the Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Mount propagation doesn't work with Docker Desktop.
```

consider that `/tmp/a` is also mounted as `/foo`. The propagation settings
control whether `/mnt/a` and/or `/tmp/a` would exist.

> Warning : mount propagation will not work with the docker desktop app, this is a Docker limitation. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** 
> 
> Mount propagation doesn't work with the Docker Desktop.
{: .warning
```

> > [kubernetes-sigs/kind #2576](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/issues/2576) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: @tonistiigi Could you please review the warning added related to mount propogation.
